1.

   It is reported that many college students are encouraged to take part in the aid education programs to go to some remote and  hard areas and become teachers of kids who haven't recieved good education before .It is become much easier for us to find those volnerteers in recent years in hard areas .then there comes a topic that whether it is good for college students to go for aid education.
   many people speak highly of those volnerteers who give up their time for holiday and  make some efforts to help others .It is very good for the kids in hard areas to recieve some lessons from the college students who have recieved advanced education.In other hand ,it will benefit those volnerteers a lot for they have a such a special experience .Those volnerteers will konw some different  life styles in hard areas.Their experience to go aid education may be a good lesson in their life time .
   In my opinion ,it is really good for us to take part in the aid education program,as long as we have the time and can take good care of ourselves in those remote areas.


2.

   Nowdays,many college students are inspired to aid education in poor aera.
   The meaning of this activity is endless,for one thing, with the spead development of our country,almost all the children around the nation access to education.however,not all of the teachers are skillful,college students'aid can let the children get good education .for another ,most of college students were brought up in "green house” ，so they aways complain about life and society, aiding in poor countryside can impose upon them the importonce of bring with hearts filled with gratitude and possitive .at last ,this is also a opportunity to make contrrbution the development of our country.
   From my standpoint ,aid education is a activity not only benefit for the poor students in the romote countryside but also on ourseleves behalf ,we should take active part in it .




3.

   Every year,many gradutes are encouraged to aid education in poor region .we should accord our paramount respection to these kind-heated youngfellows.
   First of all,aid from the enthusiastic youngmen help to higher the education standard in poor region.As we know,the poor areas are usually in the mountains or some places isolated with the outside .Living standard is low and people around are less-education.on account of this,few people want to teach in such places.Aid education is a good measure to cope with this problem.kids in the poor region can reach a better education ,then then will have greater chances to develop themselves,get rid of poverty,realize their dream .Besides, the aid education is a good way to develop the gradutes themselves.Most of gradutes are living cozy life from their childhood.teaching in the poor region might be though for them.But though situation can make thought,which is good for their future development. with the robust character from the hard time,Ithink they will meet the change in future life better.
   In my eyes of Aid education,I can't support more.Being ready to help others is a support of nobel soul.Everyone of us should do our even slightest effort to help people in light.




4.

   Nowadays,every year many college students are encouraged to aid education in the poor religion.where people's living standard is extremely low after gruaduation.
   Aiding Education is of lots of benefits. For the poor students in the remote areas,they can receive better education.The cost of education is often not affordable for the children in those areas.What's more,the education there isn't good enough.college students can bring some new effecient teaching skils there and can teach the children more advanced konwledge.For the college students themselves, there are also many benefits.First,they can accumulate much experience while teaching.And then they can improve themselves.Last but not the least,they can develop there mind and become tough and appreciate their happy lives.
   In my opinion,we college students should aid education in poor religions.In this way,we can not only enrich our life but also gain useful experience.what's more we can benefit the poor children.so it's worthwhile for us to aid education. 



5.

   In recent years, more and more university students and graduates are inspired to aid the education in some poor places,which became a new phenomenon.
   Aid education is very good for both students and the society.Many students, expecially who are from big cities,had a happy life from their childhood.It is so bad for them to understand the life of a poor ,but doing aid education give him the chance .what's more,it can help them to learn how to slove the different problems in a hard life .when they finish their task and go back to schoolor home ,they will value the good life and good chance to study .on the other hand,the poor area can benefit a lot.Many people in those poor area do not have enough konwledge,so they can hardly live a better life.students who can to do the aid education can help them.so children in those area can learn more knowledge and adults can get more skill,they can create more wealth for themselves  and for the society.In this way,the gap between the poor and the rich becomes narrow,and our society becomes more and more harmonious.
   In my opinion,doing aid education is very meaningful,University students should have a try on it.But studying is still the most important.If you feel it's difficult to balance these two things, try do study well first. 



6.

   Every year a lot of college students are inspired to aid education in the poor area of China,staying there for one or three years .They devotethemselves to the improvement of the education of the poor area.How glorious they are!
   our country is still a developing country which means there is a large amount of people that can't be educated becomes of poor economic and poor resources in some part of China .Improving the people' seducation level is the key of making our country strong and rich ,Thus we should try hard to let every one get educated ,especially in the poor area.Because of those college students ,a lot can be changed in the poor area,They bring the poor kids knowledge that  means they give them the most valuable things .Aidding education is helpful to cover the gap of education level between the poor area and the rich area.
   As far as I am concerned,it's honorable to do such a thing ,and I will think I am useful. Only more and more college students step in this great thing,can our country get stronger and stronger.




7.

   Education is so importantfor people and country ,But in China, it's an difficult and complex problem,because we have so many people to educate,especially large numbers of children in those poor land.So our society and govenment encourage our college students to aid education .Nowadays in China, quiet a many college students choose to aid education at those poor country ever year.
   In China,we have so many poor country where there is no school and children have no teacher .But we can't forget children's eyes longing for konwledge and wanting to know our world .we remember the evident saying, knowledge change lives.And I think every child born and live on our mother land has the (权利）to have education .Aid education offer the chance to children to have education.And we believe that every college student who choose to aid education bring children hope and konwledge. No matter for our poor children ,or for our society ,it really make diffreence.
   For me ,I like education,I love children, may be I have no chance to aid education,but I really think it important .I think those college students who choose to aid education is heros,heros of our students and heros of our society. 




8.

    Aid education has been a widely concerned topic for years in China.As we know,education in China is seriously underdeveloped,especially the fundamental education is.And education in China is also unbalancedly developed.The quality of education in some big cities in Eastern China may be good as well as it is in developed countries.While in the large areas in westerm China,education is under the averge.so year ago,the government launched Aid Education programme,and thousands of college students have been encouraged to aid the education in underdeveloped areas.
   Aid education has significant benifit to our country.It inspires the development of our education.It bridges the gap between the development of education in developed and underdeveloped region.For students or graduates,aiding education can also be benificial.They can foster their sense of social responsibility and gain valuable experience which may be helpful to their future career.
   As aid education is a win-win programme ,I hold a complelely supportive attitude towards that.And I think our government should invest more in aid education to promote this activity and encourge more young people to participate.



9.

   In recent years,we witnessed a good phenomenon that many students from different colleges go to some poor countries to teach those poor children every year.
   As we all know, China is a developing country. There are still many difficults in education.For example ,there are not enough teachers and enough good teachers to teach students.And it is more terrible in the poor countrive.In a way, we can see the importance of the Aid Education.To China,those students can do some contributions to the edution.To the poor children ,they can learn more knowledge .so they will have the chance to make a living and make their own dream come true.On the other hand,these students from different colleges can have a chance to live a different life. Living a poor life may not a bad thing .They can become more positive and learn how to protect the happy life.
   In my opinion,Aid Education is a good phenomenon.But not every student can go to teach those poor students.They sould know the responsibility to go to those countries.They must know why they choose the Aid Education .They should teach and care about those children by their hearts.On the other hand ,I think the goverment should improve the life and the education in the poor countries.In this way,Ithink every children in China can have a chance to go to school.




10.

    Since there are still a lot of poor area  in China can't afford to providing primary education to the children ,especially no enough qualified teachers, lot's of college students are encouraged to provide aid education every year.
    It's really a good relief to the problem of teacher lacking .In some small villages,there are only one or two teachers and they must teach all the grades.It's an unscientific mode and children arrive can slove this problem.They are highly educated and is good enough to be qualified teachers and they are young,enegetic to work and play with the children .besides,small villages are usually so closed and the arrival of these college students may open a new world,the outside world to the children.On the other hand ,it's also beneficial for the college students. They can experience the hard condition of the poor area and know about the society deeply.They can also develop friendship with the children they are teaching.
   In my opinion,it's really a good action to aid educationnot only for oneself but also for the country.We can help to build the harmonous society of our country by aiding education,to give the children in poor area knowledge with which they can get out of poverty in the future.With our aid,their future would change.







11.

    Many college students are encouraged to teach in poor places where the education is not good.The government also take many meanings to surpport the program.
    The program will benifit not only the society,but also the students who take part in the activity.As we know ,our country is developing very fast ,but there are some places which are in poor situation.The local government can't afford enough money and teachers for their people.The college students who offer their help will solve the problem to some degree .Besides,the students will benifit a lot from the experience which will promote their future developing.
    In my opinion, I'm in favour of it .But we should make a right choice according to different situation.The society where we live is very different from that in the past.we have many more opportunities .Then we should take the chance which is best for us .In a sum,teaching in poor places is not the only choice,we should make a right decision in different situations.   






12.

    Every year,many students in college are encouraged to do aid education in the poor area of China .They usually spend a year of two there teaching the local people.In spite of the tough environment ,students still keep their passion in aid education.
    Aid education is of a lot of meaning in China .First,it do a lot of help to the poor area. As we know .in the poor area,the education environment is not so good .The governers there can not afford to hire many good teachers or buy some expensire tools .College students who go there to do aid education usually just need little money .But they are able to theach the students there quite a lot .They can also put what they can in school into use to help build the area a better place .Second ,it helps to improve the college students themselves.At school ,students just go to class to listen and do some reading and homework after class.Little  chance are offered to them to put the text knowledge into use or to know something about the real social life.However,aid education gives them the chance .
   In my opinion ,aid education is every helpful to both the helped and the helper .We should encourage more and more students to take part in this kind of activity.





13.

    Nowadays,more and more college students are encouraged to conduet aid education in poor areas,Thousands of puplis in remote places are benefit from this deed .Most chinese think highly of it .
    The advocaters argue that aid education has many advantages .To begin with ,the children in poor villages  gain much things.As is known to all ,the education level in countryside is much lower than that in second palce,the college students can cultivate themselves while helping the children and living in countryside.The experience differs from anything they have ever gone through will help them renew the attitudes towards life and humanbeing ,Last but not least,with the spread of aid education ,more and more attention will be paid on the educational condition in poor areas.This invisual power will pull the development in those places.
    From my standpoint ,of course ,I think this action is in great need .But we must keep some other things in mind.First of all ,we must try our best to improve the quantity of aid education .The college students must be skilled and willing to help the children .Besides,we should know that developing the level of education in poor areas is the most important and basic thing in the future .Aid education is just not the key to this problem on earth. 




14.
 
    In China ,there is a growing number of college students who are encouraged  having went to the area of poverty to aid Education.
    It's essential for college students to aid education in the poverty.For one thing ,they can help the children receive a beetter education ,broaden their horizons,encourage them to go on study so that they will be able to bulid their hometown when they grow up .For the other thing ,the college students bring a lot of advanced knowledge to the area.Thus ,our students can instruct the local people to develop the economy .and change their old ;out-fashioned ideas and habits at the same time .Apart from that, the college students themseleves will also get something necessary for their life .For instance.after aid education ,they add large amounta of experience, which can help them hunt for jobs.
    As far as I'm concerned ,I'm in favor of the aid education. Not only can it help others,but make ourselves have a deeply understandof the life. 





15.

    Every year ,there are a lot of college students,who are encouraged by the society and by the voice come from their heart .to do the aid education in the poor locations.
    They teach the poor people some new technloegy.and show about what they have seen in a bigger world .Meanwhile,the students will experience a compeletly differdent lifestyle.
    How to get a full cast of this  activity? Some people may say :why shouldn't the students take their time to know something dvanced？ The and education is just a rvaste  of time!While ,most people think this activity is meaningful.It is not only helpful to the people living in the narrow place, for they can study many things uaseful and enlarge their horizon.It also a good chance to do some education of love and duty to the college students.
    Acording to me ,aid education is a kind of education to both sides ,The world need communication.the communication between the advanced are the not advanced creats some new power,which will benifit both ,we should broaden our recogonization of education.





16.

    Nowadays,many colledge  students are inspired to offer aid education in poor areas each year.
    It is universally acknowledged that education plays a significant rode in economic and social development.for it provides well trained people in different fields.But in today's China ,there are still a lot of children in poor area have no access to proper education .so here comes the plan of aid education .The  plan encourages colledge students come to these areas to offer children there education .It will probally help these children aquire.the knowledge they longs to gain and do good to their personal development.And since every children managed to persue hia goal,the poor area will also be developed and no longer poor again.
   In my opinion, so fierce is the compitition today that we can never emphersize the significance of education and social experience too much .As aid education offers education to the poor children and in the mean time offers us social experience,it must be a good plan that benefits all people who have joined it.





17.

    As we all know ,many students in universities and colleges are encouraged to offer education in poor parts of China every year,which is appreciated by people all over the world .
    There is no doubt that this phenomenon bnefit many students in the poor religion. The reasons are contributed to this affair.To begin with ,Aid Education help not only the college students to develop their metal but also those poor kids who are winging to get education and want to study in the classroom.In addition this action abviously reduce the drop-out rate in China,which is admired.by the world .What's more ,it also can shorten the gap between the haves and have-nots.
    From my point of view,this policy is benefital to the college students as well as those poor children anxious for study .I appreciate it very much.





18.

    As the west of China is in poor ,many students of university are encouraged to do aid education in China to west every year.Aid education can not only make the students who can't find work have something to do but also give better education to the children in poor .During doing aid education many students understand how luckly they are that they could get such good education .And the children can also get more knowledge.Ithink aid education can mak the people of west and the people of east know each other more.The students of college see how poor the west are and understand how many thing they need to do .The children in poor can also realise how beautiful the citys are ,for example Beijing ,Shanghai,Tianjin and so on ,So Aid education is good for everyone. 






19.

    Today,our country is developing very fast.And many people hvae getten out of poorty and are becoming richer and richer. But,there are still many people to be poor and without education ,So our government makes up make projects such as Hope Project,Aid education in China and so on .In response,many graduator are encouraged to aid education in poor eare every year.
    The aid education could bring them knowledge, which could give them power to make a better life,we know"The knowledge is power".And as the saying goes "to teach sombody fish is better than to give them fish" So,to aid education is better than to just give them money.And also.among them,someone may make great contributions to our country or our human after getting the education in the future.And education could improve our people's standard of education to promote our country's development.
    In my opinion ,everyone should have the power to get education.And now ,we get good education and happy life,That's because we have used more resoure of the sociece,so we have the responsebility to help others.so,Ithink the aid education is good and nesserity.





20.

    There are many college students being inspired to aid education in poor countryside,as the education system of China is not so balance.students help teaching the children in the poorer area,and they learn a lot during the activity.
    Aidding education is meanful for the following reasons:First,the children can be educated better.In poor areas,many schools are lack of teachers and many teacher are not professional.with the help of the college students,children can broaden their horizon and learn more intresting things.second,the activity can exercise the students as well. It's not easy to be a good teacher , many students refiect after the activity .obvious it's a great challenge for the students to make the children understand and get well along with the people in poor areas.Last,aidding education helps more and more students to see the real condition of education inpoor areas.And many people will try to solve the problem.
    Some of my friends aid education in summer vacation and they formed deep friendship with children.They told me many stories.And I think it's a pity that I didn't take the activity.If I were not busy ,I would aid education with my friends.  




21.

    Nowadays,Many college students are inspired to do some aid education in the poor place .They are all volenteers teaching the children in the poor place without pay except love from the children and respect from the society.
    Aid education is very meaningful.As we all know ,China develop fastly these years. However,it's also known to all that many place in China  hasn't developed yet where people still live in poor .people there are also expectedto live a good life .and every chinese has the responsibility to imporving their life .Imporving education is a very important way to improving the people's life in the poor place .Aid education can improve the quanlity of education in the poor place .and the well education children will have the ability to improving their life .what's important,they can help to develop the hometown when the grow up .
    Aid education is not only helpful to the children in the poor place .The college students also get a lot through aid education .It's a very important way for them to learn the society and learn their duty and responsibility to the society.
   It's my regret not to have done some aid education yet .In my opinion ,college students can also get a lot through helping the poor children with aid education .And I'll be glad to do some aid education if I have  a chance.







22.

    There is a phenomenon that many college's students with high educated are ecouraged to go to aid education in poor section every year.
    It's very good to do that .The aid education can make more students educated,especially in remote and poor country .What's more ,it's a love event ,from which students can contribute themselves to society .It's also a way to rich experience and much better for people who will take them career for teaching.
    From my standpoint ,it is a very meaningful event.In addition to ,if the poor students were educated ,they would make a bigger contribution.After all,technologe is the first production.Eventually,aid education is hard.There is low-level surroudingswithout computer,comfortable bed ,a variety of facilities,and so on.But students can develop the spirit of never giving up. 






23.

    Teaching in the poverty areas is used to be an impossible choice for the graduated college students .However,much to our delight,these years have seen the growing tendency of aiding education .More and more students are inspired to do this in many universities.
    There are three possible resons to account for this phenomenon.Frist ,as we all know,there exists many poor countries.especially in the west of China ,where people live a tough life and children have no access to education.So we should help them to create their own promising future.knowledge is powerful.As a well-educated college student,why not to make use of what we have learnt to help others?Second,to aid education can also benefit ourselves.We can make contect with mary different people and acquire many skills in practical lives.Finally,this can also help to reliciate the unemploment for the country.
    From my standpoint ,to aid education is a very meaningful and worthwhile thing.On the one hand ,we can make contributions to the poor areas and country as well .On the other hand ,we will improve ourselves and harvest the marvelous joy after we have helped others.





24.

    As a matter of fact,many college students take an cative part in aid education account to encouragement from both goverment and society.They go to poverty areas to devote themselves to education .In this way,they help children from poor families get a better chance to be educated so that they can live better in the future .In the meantime ,students from universities can have a good experience that could be helpful to themselves in the furture.They also learn something important except for knowledge learned in school.As far as I'm concerned ,I can't think of any reason against aid education .Every college student should do it against all the odds,even one doesn't have much free time .spare a few week to help those children in need .It will be unforgetable and you won't regret.





25.

    Nowadays, a growing number of college students are inspired to go to country side or village for aid education.
    Aid education is a way to enrich the education quality in many poor places.As we know the number of teachers in these places is too little that not every did has an access to guidence from them,so it calls for help of the whole society,As a result,many collage students take an active part in this activity and more children can get education.On the other hand the volunteers can also make full use of what they have learned and get many expeience for their further promotion.
    In my point of view,it is a perfect idea to inspire collage students to aid education in those poor village.For it both profits the stay children in poor country and has a possitive effect on the volunteers.so if this summer I have time,I will surely take an active part in this activity.
  





26.

    Every year,many universities' students are encouraged to attend to the aid education in China .They go the places which are poor and need to the education.
    Aid education is very important to the universities' students and the poor children.Firstly, for these students,theching the children must be unforgetable experience.They take their patsion and knowledge to these children who are lack of the education.It is also very useful to them when they leave there and get into the society.Secondly ,for these children who live in the poor area,studying is the best thing.They can get the basic knowledge especially for those children who love books.Maybe one day,they can get into an university and get back to these areas after graduated,Thirdly,more and more students choose to join Aid Education will help these areas get out of the poor condition.
    In my opinion ,aid education in China is meaningful It can't only increase the universities' students' social experience,but also more and more students should go to these place .Our country encouraged usto take the action ,so we have  enough time and passion to join the aid education.  





27.

    In our country ,many college students are encouraged to teach children in poor places such as the west .These places are so poor that the education sources are limited.As a result,the children there can't receive enough education .However,they are so eager to read and learn and they hope to go to school just like other kids.
    As we all know,these poor places are not developed well, their finance is so limited that they can't spend much money on the education .So ,the aid education is a good approach to the problem.The college students who are desire to contribute themselves to the poor children are encouraged,and our country will give them help in their lives.Because of their contribution,many kids can receive education and they can reach their dreams.The aid education also can improve the poor places' development, and it has received part of its goal.
   From my point of view,the aid education is very good and the college students desire our respectation. On the other hand,they can improve themselves when they contribute to others.They can achieve their own dreams as well.






28.

    "Hey! Would you go to area of poor to aid education?",Said by one student to another.Now,education in China has become a big problem to government .So we colleages have inspired many students to aid education in area of poor .
    Education is very important to all of the world ,both young and old ,both men and women.Why?It's one of the base to a country.First,we can learn the knowledge how to improve our products,how to sell our products and then get money to make our country more better.Secondly,many people doesn't know which is right and which is wrong,so it's easy for them to brak the society.And,education can help them,teach them,tell them which way is right.Third,it's the need for the world .In this world,everyone is asked to get education.Though it's difficult,we should take this step .Now,we college students are the pioneer,we may make many people know that education is for every one .
    So,in my opinion,we should aid education in are of poor.it's both help people and help  us .we can know how to get well with others and know what the world is like.




29.

    Nowadays,there have been a wave for students in college taking part in Aid Education in China,Numbers college students are inspired to go to unwealthy area where education situstion is extremely bad.They dedicate their time and effort to educate children there,and make great contribution.
    There is no doubt that Aid Education is of vital importance to both lacal children and students thensleves.Poor as they are,many children want the chance of study .But poor education circumstanle make it difficult to learn knowledge and the world as well.So college students go there bringing them not only knowledge and the world outside but also hope,the hope to change.Farthermore.college students go to educate children.but more likely they are also educated.To them,It is an unique and rewarding experience. The strive and effort children there make to study dispite that difficult economic situation always make students astonished and think more about themselves and the value of life .Beside,Aid Education helps children of this generation learn more knowledge and skill.They are expected to change the local situation.
    As far as I am concerned,I greatly approve of Aid Education.And given the chance.I am willing to be one of them.As a younster in college.I learn the importance to serve others.And it is very meaningful to help children there.




30.

    Nowadays we can always hear about the aid education through TV news .newspapers and other medias.Every year,many college students choose to go to a poor place to be a teacher then they can help the children there.There are encourged by many things ,society,their parents,themselves and so on.
   There's no doubt that aid education has great advantages both to the college students and people in the poor area.The college students go there to be a teacher and childre will be educated.They will get knowledge.If possible they may leave the poor place and begin their new life .Then they can help to change their hometown.Besides college students can teach people ther how to make the crops grow well and the knowledge about laws.What's more ,college students can get themselves exercised through aid education .They wil wee that in fact many place of our country are very poor and they will realize that there are many thing need them to do .They will feel the responsibility on their shoulders.
   In my opinion,if I was a teacher of the aid education, Iwill be pround .Maybe it will be difficult,but I can contribute to our country .The aid education not only helps the children and the adults in the poor area,but also helps myself.I will have the feeling that I have grown up.  





31.

    Each year,many students of universities were encoraged to give aid education to the poor area in China.In the USTC there is a professional team for aid education whichis made up by post graduated students.The under greduated student and the other post graduated students also have the oppurtunities. Every summer vacation,there are many aid education groups made up by them called"San xiaxiang".The members of the aid education groups went to the poor areas in Jingzai,Anhui or some other places.
    The aid education is very important .The members of the aid education team give classes for the senior or junior middle school students in the poor areas .They can feel the value of themselves.And they can also be adept to the difficult circumstonces,which is very important for them to grow up.They can also feel the love transmits.As the middle school students,they can feel the rivid thing from uiversty students and also get a lot of knowledge for their"teacher".The poor areas can feel something new from university students .Maybe this will change the poor situation.
    So it is meaningful and it is full of benifits.There is no reason I don't support it .I will encourage the university sstudents to go to the poor areas,to give other people love and to make yourself imporve. 





32.

     I didn't hear of aid education until I attent a speech given by some students in USTC.Every year,many students in the college are inspired to teach and help the children in the poor areas.We all know that  teachers are not encough in poor areas because local economy is not good,and this cause so many children cannot get well education and they won't have the ability to improve present condition.As educated chinese college students,we have the responsibility to do our part.Aid education will help the students in poor areas with their learning and let them know more about the world outside.Most aid education teachers are from good universities and they can deliver their knowledge to students in the poor areas more ambition and inspire them to work hard to change their hometown.
   From my point of view,every college student should contribute to aid education.we don't need to spend to much time,maybe just several months or one year,however,if college students can keep this mission continuous,the condition will be improved largely. In one word,it's time for us to pay back the society and show our power to help the children.






33.

    Every year,many university students are  inspired to support aid education for poor areas.
    It is significant to encourage this kind of action.From the standpoint of poor areas,aid education helps them develop by educating their next generation.With rich knowledge,students of poor areas know more about how to develop their economy and improve the standard of their life.Thus this action also pervents the economoc gap between the rich and the poor.On the other hand,aid education helpthe students of universities experience more and enrich their life at the same time.Having known more about our country,they may know clearly about to do for our country.
    As I see it ,aid education is both-win for poor areas and university students themselves.What's more ,it tributes to our country.It should be our responsibility to balance the level of education of China.




34.

    China is developing at a very fast speed now,but in some area of our country,there are people still in poverty.where children could hardly receive the education they need for lack of money ,time ,teacher and so on .Every year,many students in university or students gradatued from the college are encoursged to teach students in poor area,which in other words,means aid education.
    Aid educaton does give our country many benefits.And I'll illustrate them to you one by one .To begain with ,aid education help many children,which means aid education makes many people's schooldream come true.As the old saying goes,knowledge is power.Free education,free teacher give them hope,love and knowledge,which can finally change their lives.On the other hands,aid education open a window for the students who choose to help othere .Long or short,the memeroy of aid education gives them a new way to look at the world,which makes them to think the world more deeply,makes them love their ordinary lives more moved by some things happened during their aid education time they will be encouraged.As the saying said by Xu Ben yu,who moved China in 2006 foe his aid education "I feel I am the happiest people foe I see the  sunshine on children's face". What's more ,aid education reduce the work pressure in some way ,Which is easy to understand.
    From the standpoint of myself ,aid education in China is an action of love,an action of spread of love.To tell people in poverty that life loves you and to tell people who help others that life is precious .please love life .But on a second thought,I think our goverment should do something more.Aid Education cannot solve the problem.Our society should be developed to really solve the problem of education.we need to throw money to the poor area to help them develop their home.we need a more balanced society.All in one words,there is a long way for us.





35.

    In recent years,many college students have been encouraged to go to the underdeveloppart of China as teachers.They are from rich families or poor families,west or east,in a word, all over the China.But they all give up comfortable living standards and devote themselves to the development of the west part of China.They are heroes.
    The aid education has shown its power  by educating billions of poor students and giving them chances to change their fates.our country also benefits a lot as less of its intelligence wasted and less of its creativity suppressed.
    In my opinions,the aid education is a great project both to the poor and to our country .It decreases the gap between the west and the east,helps us to say the words"Everyone is born equal".I show a great respect to the heroes.






36.

    Numbers of students from colleges are encouraged to ofer aid education in poor areas per year.
    It's a meaningful thing to society.As for children in those zones,they can benefit from the aid education and get the knowledge they deserve to prepare themselves for future challenge.On the other hand,students from colleges also gain the experiences and learn to care or love kids in need.
    To my knowledge,more and more young students are taking an active part in aid education.As we all know ,children in poor areas can't affort to get education which they're desirefor.If it goes on without aid education,they'll live in poverty and aren't able to change their destinies,anyway.Aid education just brings them hope and tells them many people are caring about them so that they will get enough courage to work hard.Coleges students,as ones of nations,are responsible for current circumstances and learn to offer what they can do to help others,which makes their life full.
    In addition,such actions will make the society pay more attention to the poor places.As a result,a growing number of people will participate in Hope Project to aid kids in need.The wholenation are just like a big family to help each other.    




37.

    It is very common these years,especially in the summer vacation,to see groups of university students going to the poor regions nearby to aid education there.This kind of activities are greatly suppoted by a lot of universities and the government,and they motivate us university students to take part in such aiding program,to help those children in poverty,and to enrich our social experience.
    Absolutely,it is meaningful for us to volunteer in such activities,it benifits both the volunteerer and the educated kids.We go to the villages in poverty .we learn to live a simple life, we learn to be positive about life ,and we learn to appreciate all we've earn.Those kids who're aided,at the same time ,can share our knowledge and point of views about everying which they may never got to know in such undeveloped region.
    As far as I can see,it's totally good for us to join these programs,not only because it can enrich our resume for a job interview,but also it really helps us to become a individual with positive attitudes toward life and kindness toward the poor.





38.

    China is a big country,which means a big problem to its education development.Raising up the education level all around China is a huge work.Considering the large population,governmet have to focus on some particular areas,especially relatively developed areas,to develop their educaton system.Therefore,some other poor areas can not get enough economical support to raise their education levels,which means we college students who get relatively better education should give our effort to help them.
    Because of this background in education , Millions of college students are inspired to go to the area,giving their effort to the aid education.This means a lot not only to the children who really need educational aid because of economical problems,butalseto these college students who will learn to help others and practise their education skills during the aid-education period.And when we have a glimpse of the whole education syetem of our country,we will noticed that a more balanced system is being developed thanks to the aid education.
    When it comes to my own opinion,Ithink it's amazing for the development of our country.And I really love to do that myself if the opportunity comes to me .Though the education conditions is not as well as those developed countries,We should have faith in our government and the youth in our country for there are millions of then do their best to help those who need help.






39. 

    Every year,there are many university graduates who choose to give up good living conditions in the city and go to some rusal places in poverty.They are to become teachers in primary and middle schools these.This is part of the Aid Education program in China.
    For university graduates,a good and high-paid job with a prosperous future would be the dream of most.But think about children in poor countrysides who long for knowledge,many of us would feel sad and have pity for them.That's the main motivation for some students to decide to join in the Aid Education program .For children in rusal places,these can't be anything mose precious than knowledge. Having nice and learned teachers from the city would not only thing them looks and lessons,but can broaden their views with the teachers' own living experience in the city.What's the most significant is that ,it gifts millions of children opportunities.possitility and encouragement to success one day,Which is the best gift of all.
    Aid Education program can also the meaningful to university students on the other hand.As young people,the construcos and leaders of our country ,they need to learn to face dstacdes,get rid of bad habits fromed by living comfortable lives,and learn to be students!Joining in the Aid Education would surely be a valualle peactice in life,teaching young people things that can't be learned from books.
   As a condusion,I'm in full favour of this program.It would give useful life experience to the young and would living hope to children.As nowadays employment situation has not been good for graduates,joining in the Aid Education program may be a letter choice.




40.

    Every year,many college students are encouraged to go to the poor ares to aid education.This action can be very meaningful.First of all,it can make the college students realize that they are so lucky to receive higher education in the bright and comfortable classroom while there are still sp many poor children who cannot afford the expenses for the school.So these college students will cherish what they have achieved today and work harder.Second .it is a good chance to practice their abilities and broad their visions and apply their knowledge to the pratical use.Third,aiding education in poor areas can foster a kind character of  a college student,because he is trying best to help those who are in great help.What's more,their aiding education can bring those poor children not only some knowledge ,but also the hope for the future .They will realize that the whole society is still concerning about them,which will encourage them to get out of the poor situation.In addition,their aiding education can help increase the harmonious atmoshere in the whole society.
    From my point view,I totally agree with aid education. If I had the chance ,I would also try this action.Because during the time staying with those poor children.I would clearly see the cruelty in the whole society.I would try my best to give them warm and knowledge.I would call on the local government to do something for them.Meanwhile.I would become more considerate and I would clearly realize my responsibility to contribute to the society and become less selfish.
    To conclude,I totally agree with the aid education.  





41.   

    Every year in China,many students graduated from college choose to go to the poor areas and give aid to the education in those places.It's quite a special experience for them who go to teach in poor villeges.The life would, sometimes,be very hard.But It's really something worth doing.
    First,it can practice our life skills.For example,in some mountainous area,water is avaliable nearly 2 miles away,and people need to walk their everyday to get water to use.with these kind of life experience.I think we can survive even in very bad days.
    Second,aid education can enhance our seech ability.Nowadays,many students in academic area.But ,they can hardly make themselves understood by others.They just cannot speck out .so,aid education projects can let them have the chance to practice the oral skills.
    Also,to the  children in poor areas,this is really a good news .It will promote the quality of education.     Personally,Ialso support aid education proiects.Both ourselves and the children can be promoted.And I think Iwill probably go to aid the education in a small villege when I graduate.





42.

    Every year,many students in universities are inspired to aid education of those underdeveloped areas,which is.I think,of great importance.
    First of all,aid education may help improve the local education level.As we known,those underdeveloped areas are lack of necessary money to build qualified schools and empoly qualified teachers.With the help of these students from college,who are well educated, situation may get well.These students well educated may bring the good and fresh ideas or awarness to these poor area.At least,temporarily,they may act as teachers to convey lots of knowledge,especially the new knowledge,to people in those related closed society.Hence,we can see that aid education is of great important to local society.even to the whole nation.
    Secondly,with the help of aid education,local children can also get good education .Perhaps this kind of education is still not as good as one in developed area .But at least,the difference beginto diminish.
    Apparently,I'm supportive to the aid education.And I think I may take part of it possible because for individuals aid education is also of great significance.
    Taking part of the aid education is a great chance to enhance our ability.To concey the knowledge we learnt in class to loeal children ,we should have a good enough ability to communicate.Perhaps we also need the chareferistic of patience,wiseness and the rest.To be a good teacher,we also should learn to be full of love to the students,and,which is very important ,be responsible.All these qualities requaied.are also necessery for us to enter the society.So,joining in aid education can also help ourselves.
    Now that the aid education is both good for individuals and society.I think,more and more students from college should join in it.Why not?




43.

    Every year,a year number of college students are encouraged to teach in poor area.Some students use the summer vacation to give the aid education.And some other students may use the whold semester stay in the countryside .
    Aid education means a lot.First,these newly grown adults will experience the hard country-life and realize theirselves that they should treasure the college time and work hard after graduation.Second,aid education in poor area can train students' living skills and patience.It can make the city-buren and city-grown people less beatable .And the last but not the least, kids in many countryside could never get enough education.But aid education gives the children chance to gain knowledge.
   In my point of view,aid education is a brilliant project.College students get experienced and children in poor area can be educated.But why can't kids in countryside enjoy the same education as children in city ?I think our country should treat teachers better so that they will teach in "hard-living" area .College students are not trained teachers.however.And aid education devides education in small parts .Sometimes they are not a system at all.





44.
    
    Each year,many college students are encouraged to provide aid education in poor parts of China.
    Aid education is an important program in China education.It's not only for the poor areas,but also for the college students .Many poor areas in China are less of teachers ,so the children can't get an good education.And they will not learn about useful knowledge and skills .When they grow up ,they may not make contribution to their hometown.In this condition their hometown will still be poor ,and have less teachers.This situation will go on .we can see that aid education may change these poor areas a lot .Better education will give children more knowledge and skills.They may become rich,and their hometown will be rich.For the college students, aid education give them a practical chance .They will know how to solve the problems in their life .And when they apply for jobs,they can tell their employers that they learn more from the aid education.
    In my opinion ,our students should try the aid education.We may learn something that we can't learn at school .Through aid education ,we can help those children who beg for good education .A poor area may be rich because of one students,What a great honor!





45.

    In China every year,many college students are encouraged to go to the under-developed areas to offer aid education.Amony countless merits of this phenomenon,three conspicuous ones are as follows.
    One of primary advantages is that the education in those remote ereas,which used to be very poor,can be developed considerably,It also provides the students with more meaningful life exprience,which is very helpful for thier future career and life journey.Furthermore,with more new and advanced ideas brough by these students, these poor places can develop not only in culture but also in economy.
    As far as I am concerned,I come to the notion that there are three main opinions that I have about the aid education in our country.Firstly,our government should develop more policies to guarantee thet these students ,who have contributed to aid education,can be paid back properly.Secondly,the students themselves should keep learning to strengthen their abilities of learning.Thirdly,we should call on the whole society to pay more attention to the aid education so common people can donate their own efforts to it For instance,book can be donated to these poor places to improve the teaching and learning environment their.Only by these means,can the aid education be much more meaningful and successful and help to create a much brighter future for our country. 




46.

    Every year,there are many university students inscially in west China.
    Aid Education in one way helps slove the promble of teaching recources showtage in undeveloped area.Thus ,it will be easier for the government to take out the policy that every child should and can study in school for nine years .If every child studies for at least nine year,Obviously,there will be less and less people in China who can't read or write .Thus improve the quanlity of the whole nationality and our country will be more powerful that no one dare to invade us.
    On the other hand ,for the university students themselves,though it is evry difficult to lead a life in those undeveloped area,doing Aid education as a vourlenteer give them a precise experience.Once I listened to some gradute talking about their feeling of doing Aid Education,all of them said that if they had the chance to do Aid Education again,they would go back there as they can't forget those children who studies really hard .By the way,we also shouldn't forget that the government take out the policy that if a university students doing Aid Education for one year he/she can continue to study for a master degree without taking the exam nation.
    To me ,after I heard the story of those graduates who doing Aid Education in Haiyuan country ,Ningxia Province for a year and now come back to USTC.I really have the opinion to do Aid Education as a vourlenter.But here,Ijust can say "thank you" to them,also with my respect.




47.

    China is still a developing country and in China there're many poor areas where children can't afford to be educated in school.So every year,many college students are encourged to go to the poor area to teach the children there with low reward.That's aid education .It can be very good social experience for the students,but most importantly,the children's eagerness to learn knowledge is satiafied.we all know that children are the future of a country.If the children become intereated in science and technology, then they'll gradually be inclined to pay attention to these later.A country's persistent prosperity largely depends on the next generation.So aid education in China is significant.I approve it very much and I hope one day I will take part in the aid education and help the poor children.





48.

    There are many poor areas in China.In these areas,there is not so much money to education As a result, many students from college and university go to poor areas to serve education.This activity lasts many years. And it makes many children from poor area have the chance to get high education,even get brilliant achievenment.
    The activity of serving education is significant.Not all areas in our country are rich,and some areas are very poor.The life in there is very hard .And it is impossible for people in these areas to afford education .Education costs too much.So the unique way is to educate students who have got high education teaching in these areas.The children there would get more knowledge and finnally they can go back to make their hometown rich by themselves.
    Personally,Iagree to the activity of serving education.Now our country does not have so much money to make all these area.But we can help them .We must help them .We cannot do nothing while we see them living so hard and cannot be educated.So we should serve education like many students,and advise more students to do as us do.






49.

    In the mordern socity,each year,there have a lot of students in universities are encourged to teaching in the poorer area without any complaints.
    The aid education has important meaning to the education of our country first,this behaviour could let the children live in the poor area enjoy the sense of learning knowledge ,Not only could it make the children in the poor area have the rights to learn knowledge .It could also make great contribution to the society. Imagine that if the children in poor area are hige education,what change would become in the poor area?The poor area will become to a mordern society which posses high technology,a lot of mordern facilities and high educated people.So the aid education could make great contribution to China.The last one,this behavior could let the students in universities tougher.The life in poor area is diffcult.Therefore,the students must be tougher to live in the poor area and this personality would be benefit to their future life.
    To me, the aid eduction is a perfect thing which could let our country become more developed and let our college students posses a good personality-tough.






50.

    In recent decades,a large number of students in college were encouraged to devote themselves in aid education in the poor area every year.It makes a huge impact on the ability of kids to get education when more and more students in college go to the developing area with a warm heart and knowledge.
    The aid education have great significance both in the field of education and in the development of society.To start with,college students are well-educated and have the ability to bring the freah things outside into villages,which can help children there to know more about our country.Besides.aid education would be the most valued experience in these college students' life,which can let them know the happiness of helping others.When they come back to their home,they will be more warm-hearted.Last but not least,If more and more college students choose the aid education, the atmoshere in our society will be more and more harmony.
    As far as I'm concerned,I'm glad to accept the tendency of aid education.And If I can get a chance to help those kids in villages or mountains.I will say"Yes" without any hesitation.There is a Chinese proverb:"consider the past,you shall know the future." The history has told us that the prosperity of a nation depends largely on the gualified education.Therefore,everyone of us should do something to promote the development of education. 




51.

    Every year,many students from a variety of universities an colleges are encouraged to aid education in poor areas.The students who took part in this program said they gained a lot they wre deeply touched by the lifestyle of poor.Many undergranduates were born in a rich family ,they didin't care too much about their life from their childhood.But when they saw how poor lived and how poor children studied,they had been changed.They learned to save money and donated.to the hope project to help the children go to school.Through Aid Education.they told the children in poor areas many thing they had never known or seen before to open their eyes .
    So it is dear that .Aid Education benifits not only the children in poor areas but also the undergraduates.This program is meaningful and should be encouraged.But the college students should out study at the first place and then jion other meaningful projects.





52.

    Nowadays,there are more and more universty students who are spired to give the aid education in some less developing areas when they graduate from the university.
    It's meaningful for both the areas and the students themselves.For the areas,it will be vane to see that only onr teacher teaches the whole school which has about 100 students and they are separated into several grades.More and more choldren will get the necessary education.As for the graduated students,it is a very good opportunity to let them get some more special experiences,which will infhcence their whole life.They can do much better on other things after they give the aid education.
    As far as I am concerned,the aid education to some not wealthy areas should be appreciated.Maybe it is not necessary for every gratuated students.But if the society needs,I will do my best to be involved in the aid education.





53.

    every years many students of high schools go to do aid education in poor places .Aid education make many children of poor family who can't managed to go to school have chances to study.So that the number of children who can't study the most basic Maths or Chinese lower and lower.Even the future of China will be better.
    I think it's very important foe we students to do some difficult job such as doing aid education,because it can also make we adopting to bad environment easier.And to teach other people is a valuable explniment for us.These years many students who graduated from college can't find good jobs,this could be a way to solve this problem.





54.

    In China,more and more university students are encouraged to teach in the poor area.They want to use their own ability to change the future of the children in the poor areas.
    To tell the truth,aid education do bring change to the poor area.Those volunteered teachers bring new ideas ,new knowledge and new things to the poor areas.In this way,children in the poor areas can know more about the outside world and they can also get knowledge from their volunteered teachers.It's for sure that those are all good to the future of the children.So,aid education builds a bridge the poor areas and the modern world and it changes the situation that children can't find teachers in some areas.Aid education also makes us to care more about the children in the poor areas.For example,After the report of XuBenyu,one of the early volunteers ,more and more people began to donate to the education of the poor areas.
    But as for me,I'm disagree with those university students' behavior.Because in order to make them university students,their family and the societty have done a lot.So, they should use their knowledge on the places where need them,not just waste time in those poor areas.And as for the poor areas.I think our government should spend more on the education.We should build more schools and we should train more teachers for the poor areas.After all,children are the future of our country and education is one of the necessaries for them to be successful.





55.

    Now,every year many university students take part in the aid education to the poor place in China.For example,the boy who move the China do his best to teach the children in the poor area for a long time.
    As all know,many places in China are poor,especially the western area.In there,the education has many problems.Teachers get so low pay that many of them don't go there .And some can't stand the hard enviroment there.Now many students go to these places for nothing.they can use their knowledge to teach the children there.This is so good for the education there.It's also helpful for the improvement in this area.The students can also improve themselves through the activity.
   I think it is so good .Nowdays,many students can't stand the hard enviroment even a very small problem comes to them.through this activity,they must face many problems and become stronger.If I can.I will do it.




56.

    Every year,many college students are encouraged to take part in aid education in the poor areas.
    Aid education is very important to the development of China.Aid education can help the children in the poor areas get knowledge,and with the knowledge they get they have the chance to change their life and their hometown .what's more,when the children grow up,they also have the abilit to educate the younger or make contributions to the country.Moreover,it is also good to the college students .Through the experience of aid education they would improve themselves.They will be clearly aware of the hard life on one hand,they could learn to save from the expenence.on the other hand ,they would be brave to face pronlems in their lives.
    If I have the chance to take part in aid education.I will surely do it.Aid education makes an important sense to not only the poor,the college students but also our country.Firstly,with aid education,we can celerate the development of the poor areas.Secondly,it is also fair to the people.The children in the poor areas should be educated.They are as the same as us.Thirdly ,it is a good chance for the college students to improve themselves and borden their view.Above all,to build our.
    "He xie society"it is necessary fo doing so.

    




57.

    As we know in China ,when students are graduated from their universities,they must make a choice among kinds of choices.Some of them are inspired to choose to be a teacher in the remote and lonely place where people are suffering from poverity and poor education.
    There is no doubt that education is the bas of the society.Only if people are well educated, the place they live could be rich.The aid education can improve the education environment there.And well-educated teachers are good for the students.They can teach the students in mordern ways and can make the people there more related with the outside worldAnd they can also improve themselves by teaching and living in the poor place.
    I think aid education is very good not only for the people who lives in poorty but also the university students.The society will benifit much from the aid education .If there is a chance for me,I would go to contribute to aid education.





58.

    Nowadays there are many college students going to the poor area to help the teaching program.That was called"Aid education in China".
    In the poor area of China ,the life is very hard so that many teachers don't want to teach ther .Then the teaching program there would stop and even go back.
    So every year there are many college students going to help teach there.They go to the poor area by themselves and teach the students there for free.
    These college-students-teachers often teach in the high school or middle school and they have a lot of experience of teaching.They work very hard and try to do their best so that sometimes they are ever better than some lazy teachers who are graduated from formal teaching school.
    The aid education is very benefitial to both the college students and the poor area students.And the aid education is encouraged by many colleges and local governments.For example,in my school,if you are willing to help teach in poor area,you could join in the Fang cao Organization and there would be a comfortableenvironment for you to do the aid education.
    Ok,now if you are a college student and want to join the aid education,are you ready?




59.

    We students that live in cities can get the education easily,we have enough money to purchase book ad pens,afford the bills from schools and there're many teachers to give us classes.But in some poor area,there're no books,no schools,even no teacher?Although the kid want to go to school very much.The situation doesn't allow them.So the government encourges yhe graduators from the universities go to the poor areas and give the kids education.Now,you can see more and more students go to the west,after graduation.And we call this "Aid Education"
    Teenagers are the hope of our country.In order to have a bright future,we must make sure that every kid can have a good education.The poor area wants to develope,that also need good educatio.So it is very important for the poor area to have enough teachers.The students who go to the poor area may get little money.But they win the respect from people and will have a unforgetable life.
   Ithink aid education is a good thing and I'm glad to see that more and more graduators go to the west affter graduation.I hope that every kid grows up happily and healthily,gets a good education and becomes a person which is useful for our country.






60.

    Every year many college school students are encouraged to go to the rural areas to help their education .Aid education has become a prevalence in China.
    This activity is meant to help improve the education in the relatively poor areas as well as develop the abilities of the students,with so much fresh blood injected to the education system in those areas,the children there can have a more wide view of the world outside ,and at the same time they can learn much knowledge,which is the main purpose of aid education .Then,the college stidents participated can have a chance to improve themselves,in such aspects.And they are likely to learn a lot of  things that are not available at school .Last but not least,aid education can strenthen the interaction of different regions of our nation,thus holding us together.
    Aid education is a very significant project, helping not only the kids in the rural areas but we college students.I myself has been one member in the aid education activity of our school,which is an experience and a kind of challenge that I will cherish for a long time.So aid education is of great value and we should stick to it.




61.

    Every year in China mainland,thousands of college students are encouraged to go down to poor areas and give aid education there.This has come to be a common phonomenon in China.
    Aid education is a very meaningful and significant activity in some experts' eyes.They point that aid education not only offers the poor students better educational conditions and elevates the teaching software in those areas where are extremely ack of money but also gives colleges students a wonderful chance to train all kinds of abilities of themselves.
    In my opinion,aid education should be encouraged amony college students and every students
should regard aid education a cherishable chance to improve different kinds of abilities.Through aid education we can learn to live in difficult conditions and communicate with little students who needs more care and love from us.Also,we can more deeply feel the great distinction between the cities and rural areas so that we will have a furtherreconization to our big society.And what's the most important is that we will learn how to give love and warm to the poor children and get happiness in our hearts.




62.

    In recent years,it is generally accepted that aid education is very popular in China.Certainly,many people have different ideas about this fact.
    Now,more and more undergraduates are encouraged to be a teacher in remote school.Many students felt interestingand wonderful by working in a tough situation.After undergoing different environmentand varietyand they had cultivated he basic skill in the forest.Iit is pointed by a great many people that aireducation plays a essrntial role in our life some people who agree that air education is nousence claim that a student in college should put study in the first and others are not essential.I don't suppose that most people will agree this idea.It is high time that we should have basic skill and make use of it in the future.Mnay place in our country are very poor, a teacher and other job isnecessary for the education and the local government.
    Accordingly,aireducation will play a essential role in the future.All in all,I cherish a blief thet more and more student in college will be a member of air education.





63.
    
    Every year,many students in universty go to some poor place for aid education .They bring books and their loves.They give a hand to the people in poor.All the students have a nice and unforgetable day,they believe the tomorrow will be better.
    Because of their doing,more student in poor can read and write.And the students in universty can know more about the world,it's useful for them .The old book and pen may have a new life ,if they are not taken to the poor people,they will become rubbish.
    But I don't think it's a really good thing most students in universty must work hard,they have to use all the time for learning.Just in the holiday,they should learn english or study some other thing.So I don't think teaching the poor people is better then learning something else.






64.

    Many students of universties now are inspired to teach in poor areas in China every year.It is very meaningful.For the children and adults in the poor areas,the university students bring the energe of gouth and open thoughts to them.Their coming will change something in these areas and make them better.For the university students,they get a totally different experience during the aid education.It may change their goals and thoughts about life.
    I come to care about the aid education because a person who named XuBenyu.He was a volunteer who went to a poor area and became a teacher there.After a year,he could go back to the city.But he chose to stay for the lovely children and kind people.Millions of people got moved after matching his story on CCTV.So didi I.Compared with some selfish people,Xu is a real hero in our society.
   I apperciate the students who attend the aid education in China.For they use what they've learnt and give hope to the children in poor areas by ignoring hard life conditions.As we all know that education in poor areas is much worse than cities,aid education becomes important to improve the educational situation in poor areas.
   Beside this,I believe that university students have to think about it seriously before they decide to attend the aid education.Because mny students are easy to get mored by the people in poor areas.Maybe you just plan to teach one year,but finaly you change your mind and decide to be there all you life.This kind of behavior may cause a trouble to the family and life of the students'.
   I wish that more and more children in poor areas can benifit from aid education ad change their life.
 


65.

    On vacation,college students usually go home or go for a travel.However,in recent years there are lots of college students being inspired to go to poor area and teach poor children there.This action is called "Aid Education".
    Bothe college students and poor children can get a lot from"Aid Education".
    on one hand,"Aid Education"can bring these college students a more meanful vacation than do other things.These college students improve themselves during teaching chidren obiects.In this case,they are not students.They are teachers,a society role.They could conclude many expeierences and living theories from this action of "Aid Education".What is more,most of them are from big cities.During teaching in poor area,they will compare their lives with poor children' lives.These college student will know how beautiful and comfortable their lives!Then they will complain less and enjoy more!
   On the other  hand,poor area lacks schools.And poor families have no money to send children to schools.So they need the action of "Aid Education"."Aid Education"is poor children'window to the outside world.The children in poor area can get ots of knowledge and imformations of otside from "Aid Education".These may change their lives!
   In my view,"Aid Education" is a very benefitable action.It is worth to be orgnized every year.Each college student should take part in it more than once during college life.Everyone will benefit from the action of "Aid Education"all his life.





66.

    Every year,many college students were sent to the poor aera to aid education in China.These students who went to the poor aera hold aan opinion that they will benefit greatly from this kind of action.
    In contemporary society,many kids in the poor aera were not well educated or totally none.There are no shool even no teacher in this place in China.Sosend the college student to these aera to make these poor children well informed is necessary.And for these college students,It's a good chance to improve their personal ability.In a word, both the individuals and the society benefits greatly from Aid Education in China.
    In my opinion,these college students play an indispensable role in Aid Education in China and this action is widely acclaimed in society.with this phenemenon widely realized,more and more college students take part in Aid Education in China.They spare no effort to teach those poor kids who wanted to get more knowledge.Undoubtedly,I think It's a good ay to solve the education problem in the poor aera.







67.

    Every year, a lot of high schools inspire their students to aid education in China to go to coutries.
    Aidding education in China is very important.You can learn a lot of knowledge what can't come from our books.And you can get many friends from aidding education in China.
    In my idea.I very like to aid education in China.I very like children ,and I am happy to talk about something that I know.I think if I aiddon education in China,I will help a lot of students that they want to get knowledge,and I can know how to teach,and I will know the teacher is the best job.In the end I think aiding education in China is help China.






68.

    In the recents years,many college students are ecouraged to teach in the poor area of China.
    As we all know,most college students are not willing to work in the poor countrie,and the education in poor area are seriously bad,there are very short of teachers and classrooms.What life will be like in those areas is difficult to predict,it is hower,if our govenment don't take any measures,we are sure that the lack of education in poor countries would cause big society,problems,So the plan of Aid Education are promote to action to solve the serious problems,a lot of college students come to the poor area to help the children .No one can deny the importance of the plan.
   In my opinion,setting our students to the poor area will truely help them,and It will promote our society.So I'm fully advocate the aid education,and If I have got a chance,I'll be very happy to do that.





69.

    Nowadays,many college students are inspired to take part in aid education to poverty region every year.
    The aid education means a lot to college students.It may teach them many knowledges that they will never learn from books.It tells them what a happy life they are living.There are still a large amount of children who accept a little education or even none at all.what we need to do is to study hard and help them to have rights to accept normal education.  
    Last summer holiday,I joined such an activity which our schoolorganized to Tong Lin in Anhui province.Seven days living with my classmates and the students there gave me a lot .We taught them students them maths and English nd to find that they were so intelligent,even more than us.They showed us how to do farm work and it's too hard and toilsome for me.
    I think it is necessary for every college students around us to take part in the aid education.It will be an excellent experience in our whole life.   







70.

     Every year in China,there are many students of university who are prided to aid education.They go to the poor areas of China in order to help the children have a good education in the poor areas.
     As an improtant action,aid education has much benefit on not only the children in poor areas but also the whole country.Nowadays,the country is not balance. The east of China is very udvantaged,but the west of China is very poor .Many children in the poor areas of China seldom are educated well.The children in east of China have a good education.This makes the gap between the east of China and west of China become more and more deep.
     Through the university students' aid education,the children in poor areas gain tha chance to improve themselves.They will have the same good education in east.They will make them more profect.They gain the advantaged and multiplied knowledge.They will have a true attitude toward the society and the world.This makes them grow up well.
     In my opinion,it's very important to aid education in the poor areas.It will improve the whole country.The country will become more balance.People will have a better living.we will live more happily I believe,if I have the chance to go to the poor areas,I will do my best to help the children to contribute on the whole society.






71.

    In contemporary society,there is a increasing number of college students encourged to go to the remote areas for aid education every year.Actwrally,aid education has been in the spot light.
    Advantages of aid education,from my perspecive,can be listed as follows.On one hand,aid education can let the students in remote areas learn more new knowledge and meet more sofisticated people,which may lay a solid foudation for their future life,in other words,they also can help develop our country when they grow up.On the other hand,the college students for aid education will realize that there are a lot of poor areas in our country,which will play an irreplaceble role in their futher learning,for the reason that they will seudy harder and harder to make our country better.
   As far as I am concern,the aid education is a necessary thing in our today life.I cling to an unshakable belif that only by doing more thing to reduce the gap between the citys and the remote places like aid education can our society become harmonious and prosperous.




72.

    Many students of the universities are encouraged to aid education in the regions where poverty still exists every year.why do they devote themsolves to aid education?
    Aid education is really meaningful.To begin with,it helps the children in poor regions a lot.Although China is developing in a high speed,some places are stilllack of the education resource.There're not enough teachers so that the children can not be well educated.Our students in the universities can help them with their study.Furthermore,our students can be good examples.we have some good habit in studying which is really important to them.Through the face-to gace communication,the children will set their own goals and work on them .Of course,we students will also benefit a lot.we will know more about the condition in the country,which can make us study harder.
   As far as I am concerned,aid education is necessary .Itook part in it last summer and I feel that it means a lot.when I helped them,I had a strong feeling of happiness.Aid education can not only help those children,but also help us.If we have the chance to take part in it,just grab it and make our contribution to the society. 






73.

    Every year,any college students are encouraged offering aid education in poor area of China.There are two main goals of this aid eduation action.
    First,the education level in the poor area is below the average level,and some part even have no school.The advanced-educated college students is a good education power,that is,after their teaching in poor area,the local education level can be increased to some extent.Second,the action can enrich the colledge students' experience.Obviously the students would meet some problems through the whole action.They can learn not only how to aolve problems but also some spirits such as coorporation,unity,which are useful in the students'future life.
    I stand for the action.First,offering aid education in poor area is devoting to the society,Tfeel very proud of which.Second,the experience of aid educaion is very significant and it can guide my future life somehow.





74.

    Many university students are inspired to aid education in some poor place.They often can't sleep well and usually be hungry,sometimes they have no water to use.It is rather a hard time to them.
    However,what they have done make more and more children get a lot of knowledge.The university student's a year hard time can change the child's life.It is a good contribution for nation.
    I think that aid education is a good thing in China.But at the same time we should ensure the the university students have a good health when they help the children all the day.As I know,some students are too busy to have a rest and they get illness at last.So It is important to keep the students healthy.






75.

    Nowadays ,it is a trend for some undergraduates to go to poor remote areas for education aid some of them are from famous universities,but they are willing to do this important thing.
    Aid education is meaningful in China because of the large differences in education in different areas.Education in big metroplis is advanced and good enough,but in some villeges in remote mountains education can't keep up with the pace our society develops.The biggest problem is the lack of elites.So Aid Education will solve the problem.It will also help these poor areas go out of poverty.
    We should admire these undergraduates.They give up appealling conditions in big city,but go to developing areas.They give up lucrutivechances,but get a low pay as a teacher in a village.They are eager to do a favor to our country's development.They are good examples of us.And they are the real heros or heroines of present society.



76.

    Education level is an essencial stand for a country to develop in future .Now,Chinese education system has not been contribnted completely .There's a big gap between the rich area and the poor one .So aid education can take lots of advantages to our country.
    Every year,more and more high school students are encouraged to participate in the aid education.To themself,this is a good chance to add their life experience.On the other hand,aid education also make them more stick and they can pick up various of knowledge that never appears in the books.In the compelicative society,the experience could make them stronger.So aid education take advantages to everybody who join in.
    To myself,Ithink it is very useful,essencial,hard and interesting.Although in the process of aid education there are thousands of problems,even dangerous,it has its issuse and interest.I can optain many experience that never happen in my world before .And the plan is also significant to our country.If I have a chance.I will try it.








77.

    Each year,many university students are praised to join aid education in poor areas.I have to admit that there are a lot of children who can't gain enough education in somewhere of China.Although the government spend much energy to the poor areas.but the question is still not solved.In this condition,Aid Education in China is rather important,it can make more children get more knowledge.But,many areas don'thave fit condition,one who grow up in city may feel uncomfortable in poor areas .Many areas don't have enough nater,even enough clear water.So I consder that one who can join Aid Education is great,is honoured!They give up their work,devote themselves to Chinses education career in hard condition!certainly,Idon't mean to ask all the people to join Aid Education,I only suppose my honour to them.






78.

    In recent years,there are many university students are incouraged to aid education in poor countie every year.The university students are very prounded of their contribution to the poor people's education.
    The aid education are advandge to our country and our development.The university students educated the children in poor families,and after they grow up,they would use their knowledge to build their hometowns and they would become rich ,so their hometowns.with this phenomemen wildly realized,more and more people will aid education in poor parts,this sisution would hold on,many children will thank the aid education for leading them aviod poor.
   Personally,I agree with the aid education and I want to be a aid education person someday to help somebody who need to avoid poor.I cherish a belief that everyone will become rich after many people like us worked for years,and everyone will have a happy life without poor then.








79.

    In now days,more and more people know the importance of education.A good education can make a place improve faster.Every year,there are many college students inspired to some poor areas to aid education.
    The activity of aid education is of great importance.For the oor areas,these high educated students can improve the lever of education so that there would be more needed people for reaching the good to rich in the near needed people for reaching the goal to rich in the near future.And for our country,more and more high educated students joining in the activity of aid education can make the day of rich together come earlier.It's also a good chance to improve themselves for the students.
    In my opinion,the adivity of aid education is necessary.I think there should be more students joining in it.








80.

    As the education is more and more important today,the number of college students who go to poor areas for aid education is increasing.Every year,there are many students are inspired to to attend the "Aid Education".
   China has such a large population that the educational resources are in need,so it is a good idea to satisfy this need by aid education.According to the statistics,there are more than 1000 schools are in need of teachers, let alone other resources.People tend to find a job in some big cities,such as Beijing,shanghai and so on.people are always persuing better life.so there are few people who want to go to some poor areas,let alone to be a teacher with low salary.So,aid education relieved the lack of teachers to some extent.
   Nowadays,China has so many graduates that the competition for a job even for living is more and more fierce.Many students can not adapt the oruel reality and then kill themselves.The aid education can let the students know that there zre more tough people living in more tough places,they can come over such .difficulties.when they come across difficulties,they can inspire themselves and learn to be tough.So,it is good for the charasteristics of the students.
   In sum,I think it is benificial to both our society and the students from the aid education.So ,I hope the aid education process will lat long and if I have a chance.I'll have a try.








81.

    Many students from different colleges are encouraged to go to some poor places for aiding education in China every year.So when it comes to summer or winter holiday,especially in summer,there are hundreds of teamsorgnized to aid education to the children living in a poor place.Those places are poor of money to provide good education,so those students couldn't learn knowledge about all kinds of subject and merely learn some basic things.
    Aid education in China has had a great influence on the society in the passed years.Firstly,this compaign reduces the unfairness of education caused by students' brith place and lets modern colleagers know more about the society.Secondly,many collegers think that social responsbility should be given to the great people and has nothing to do with themselves.Because when on campus,what they do is just to study and know little about the situation of some poor places in China.Lastly,the aid education is a very good experience of the social prctice and even some students decide to teach there as a career after graduation.
   In my point of view,aid education is a good chance for colleagers to touch the society and learn more reality of society.This no doubt has an effect on their future life and work.







82.

    In thiese year,many college students are inspired to take part in aid education at some poor districts.They will stay there for four or more years and give a hand in the basic education.
    That's a very meaningful action.As everybody known,there are a lot of poor districts in our country and there are badly lack of teacher.children can hardly entered school and get basic education as the lasos promised.These students can help them and give these children a brighter tommorrow .Also these in this way,the college students will face many challenges.Beating them will be useful experience in their life.
    In my opinion,these action is very awardful and meaningful.However,I don't think that enough.The lacking of teacher is a large number in those district.We can't only depend on these college students.What's more as young children are very easy to be hurt,I think we need more porffessional people to take part in the basis education in poor district.After all,education is career that need experences badly.
   Above all,I admir these students who take part in the aid education.But it's just"aid".Idon't think that's wise enough to give such a large amount of little children's future to these very very young adults.





83.

    Every year,many students on campus are encouraged to undertake educational work in undeveloped region of China.people often call it "Aid Education".
    Promising students opt for teaching in poor places rather than opportunities in the big cities.Aid education is commonly praised by the public,because these students concern more about the future of our country-the children-and bravely take steps toward the undeveloped regions.So "Aid Education"is viewed as a patriotic action.
    Aside from the student's admiring bravery,what I am concerned is the students' behalf.In other words,our government should and must let students benefit from their patriotic action.Otherwise,the result would probably be that nobody wants to go to the undeveloped regions having seen the endess sacrifice of the passinate students.
    All in all,"Aid Education"is a good thing,but in the meantime,the volunteers' interests should be protected too.




84.

    Every year,more and more students in the university are planingto attend the aid education in some poor area.when coming back,they all very pround of having such wonderful experience.For them,this experience would be remembered from the vest of their lives,deeply rooted in their minds.
    The Aid Education is very meaningful.In the first place,as a student in the university,we always don't understand what is party .we are always wasting money on food,clothes or entertainment.When we attend the aid education,when we see some children can't afford the books they must read,we will be ashamed about ourselves,we will not waste money any more.In the second place,it gives the poor children chances to get educated.In the poor area,people are mostly uneducated.Aid education let some educated people go the this area and teach the children.So in those poor areas,people can have the chance to know the knowledge.Last but not the least,the students in the university,they must be responsible to the children,they know the responsibility.
   As a student in the university,I think the aid education is very important both for us and the children in these poor areas.In the future,I wish I could attend the aid education too.







85.

    Nowadays,many college students in China are encouraged to join the aid education in remote and poverty areas every year.
    The advantages of these activities are evident.As for the poverty areas,there may be no sufficient teachers or education facilities,and the college students are educated,they can help educate the children.
    As for the college studnets themselves,they can have more experiences,and can make more contributions to the society.
    But as I think,the aid education also have some disadvantages.Though the college students are educated,most of them have no experience in teaching,the help they can make is limited.
    What is worse,some of the students are just motivated by what they can get (for example,the experience is good for their job finding in the future),they are not really willing to help the children.so it's hard to imagine what they can do.
    But compared to the advantages,the disadvantages are more fewer,in general,the aid education is very good for the society.
    So we should stick to it and make it better.




86.

    Nowadays,many college students are encouraged to go to poor areas for aid education every year.
    It is very meaningful for aid education.on one hand,it can help improve the quality of education in poor areas in China-at least can reduce the lack of educating resource in those areas.on the other hand,it can help hte college students learn to love our country,and help endure their heartful kindness to the poor at the same time.
    From my perspective of view.I thinke it is very necessary to hold this kind of activities amony college students.we are the future of the country.It is important for us to be aware of our country's condition-especially the poor part,so that we can develop the sense of devoting ourselves to the construction of thr country and go to the areas which need us most.







87.

     A large number of university students are encouraged to teach in undeveloped places like the countryside and the weaten China.Actuvely,more and more students think that aid education is deserved.to their life .They go there and teach students.The university students in the 21th centry should learn whole human versin.We mustn't just live in city and see the sity we should also know how poor people live on.Aid education ask they to be far from rich.it can make their will power stronger.
    I think,if there is a chance to go,I will take it.






88.

    Every year,many university students are encouraged to go to the poor areas of China for aid education.
    This activity is very meaningful.In one aspect,it can provide more kids the chance of education.China is big.there are many areas of China remain poor.The children there don't have the chance to go to school for lack of teachers and money.But with the activity of ad education,many of these kids can be teached.In another aspect,it is also a chance for us to experience more .Most of us lived in the town.we don't know what the other parts of China look like.So this activity provide you a chance to experience a totally different style of life.This experience can benifits a person for a lifelong time.
    In my opinion,I would be happy to teach the poor children .It's my honour to help others.In this case,I can feel that I'm a useful person.





89.

    Every year,many university students go to the country to aid education.They go there don't for money.
    We all know that in some country,the education is not good enough because of less teacher want to go there.Then, we can go there help them.Every student in the country want to go to university .We go there to teach them,talk with them will incourage them.To see their bad situation,we can fill our life is better than many people.then we will work hard and someone maybe keep helping some of the students in country.It's also a good expierence for us.
    I wish more and more university students go to the country to aid education.






90.

    Nowadays,more and more college students are inspired to go to some remote districts in the purpose of aid education every year.
    Aid education seems a rather bad choice for students.Because they could have much better treatment and living enuironment in big city.But,in fact,aid education hasits own advantages and meaning.
    First,students tend to have little working experience to meet the requirments of teaching in big city.So they can teach in some less-developed part of China for the accumulation of working experience.Besides,it is always easier to find a job in village than in city.Second,the general gap between the rich and the poor in China is becoming wilder and wilder.Students should see the poor living condition,and miserable education in the remote villages.Knowing the fact would strengthen the feeling of responsibility.Thrid,aid education would really aid the children in the villages a lot .They would enjoy learning things,see a much bigger world.This may really change children'sfuture.
   In conclusion,aid education is a rather meaning ful choice for students themselves,or the children in villages. 






91.

    Along with the rapid growth of economy,the developing area has being brought to the public attention.To promote the remote area,there are more and more college students encouraged to aid education.
   Every child has the right to be educated.But not all of them have the opporyunity.In the remote area,especially the western of China,many families can't afford their children to go to school.So most of the children have to take up labor work so early.It's very harmful for their healthy and they are still suffered poverty.Knowledge is necessary to develop the economy.Without knowledge,poverty will not die out.Several  years later,they still don't have the money to send the young generation to school.It's a terrible circle.So,aiding education can benefit the poor children,the remote area,even the whole China.
   I'm in favor of the students who aid education.I think all the college students have the responsibility to help the poor children.even though the salary is very very little,it proves your value in society.
   All in all,taking account of all the factors above,we can get a conclusion:Aiding education is good for thr children .the college students,and is good for our country.








92.

    Nowadays thousands of college students graduate from universities each year.Different people choose different ways,some go abroad,some decide to study more on their major and some just go and bunt for good jobs.Besides them,there is another alrge group of graduate students who are encouraged to go to the lonely places which are usually down and out to give lessons to the young,and they are usually call aid education teachers.
    As it is know that our country China is quite large with so many people and lot rich enough to provide all the children with enough basic education.On the other hand,however,the whole world now have realized how important education is to a people.So a big problem is faced by us that how to let so many children get basic education over such a large but poor country.
    How to solve it?
    As I see it,aid education seems to be one of the beat ways.It can not only bring young active teachers to the parts where they are eagerly needed but also provide them opportunities to gain a job.So there goes an old saying that hit two bids with one stone!
    As far as I can see ,I believe aid education in China is not only useful but necessary as well.In my view,it is really a good chance for us collegeatudents to show our thanks to our great country and to something useful for her!So when I graduate from college,if possible,I'll go to give aid education without thinking.





93.

    Every year,many university students were encouraged to give an aid education in the place that was very poor because of no money,there was no teacher,so kids couldn't learn knowledges.as the result,goverment encourage our university students to give them an aid education .On one hand,it helps the children there,on the other hand,it also let our univercit students know a lot that beyond school books.
   In my opinion,I agree with that,everyone knows that give them a skill that how to get fish is better than giving them fish.Maybe,money can help them in short time but knowledge will let them get more .In addition,it's a wonderful experiment to ourselves,we cab know a lot like how to feed pigs.
   So,I think aid education in China is very necesary,if you have time,try to do that.Not only help the children there,but also help gourself.






94.

    China has developed a lot in resentyears,but education is still a big problem for it.
    There are many children can't receive good education especially in the countries,because there are not enough teachers.Many good teachers are not willing to teach in the poor areas.
    Everyyear,Many students in universities are encouraged to aid education in the poor areas.That's very good .Aid education can help many chidren.It gives them a good oppotunity to receive education.It's really very important for them because children are the future of our country.
    So in my opinion,we should encourage more and more student to aid education,so that we can help more and more children.
    It's our duty to aid education we should and must help them.





95.

    Every year students in high schoolare encouraged to give aid education in poor area.Though living condition there may be extremely though,a lot of students still volunteer to go to there .So what's the meaning of aid education.
    Every country has its rich and poor area,so does China.In poor area,the resources is limited and people there often have difficulties in make a living.What more,for poor condition,you can would like to live in that tough condition,which leads to poor education quality.Many children there couldn't have chance to go to primary school.So aid education is vital there.With high school students' education,more children could be educated.Only that,their future would be brightful.
    In my view,aid education is very important and is helpful to poor area.Students who go to there must have a strong spirit of sacrifice.For payment,the experiences of living and working there is precious and will be treasures for their future lives.







96.

    Every year,many students from university will go to aid education in poor town.Two of my friends went to a small town this summer,they teached the students who from high school in that town maths and physics,and made a research among the old people in the town.
    Even it took them more than two weeks to stay in the town,and they had to sleep in the classroom,eat something much worse than the one made by their mother.But most of the students who joined in this kind of activity feel it's meaningful and intereating.Firstly,they think during the two weeks,they had learned much which can't be learned in school,and it's useful in future.Secondly,they know that many people in China still very poor,many children in small town can't go to school because they must help their parents worhing on farm.Lastly,it's the first time they do something for thr country.so they feel exciting during the time .My friends who joined in this activity told me that I would better take tha chance next summer,it's unforgetable!
    In my opinion.This kind of activity not just good for students from university.It also help the students in town to know much more about the science and life in university.They can make friends with these brothers and sisters keep in touch with them by write a letter or make a telephone call,ask them for help when they meet any problem no matter in study or in live ,so this kind of activity is meaningful and I believe more and more students will join in it in the future.






97.
    
    Now,as we know,many students of the university are encouraged to give aid education to the places where there are not enough money to support the education.
    Students who give aid education can advocate much and learn a lot during the activity.On one hand,they can help the children whose family can't afford their study to go on learing.There are protential amony these children.students'action also relieves the depression of the government.On the other hand,students themselves could be aware of that they are living happy lives,which they should treasure Aid education can help build students' sence of responsibility,and give their passion to study hard,because affer the process of aid education.these student-teachers should have realized that those people living in poor need helps of us,who have the opportunity to get normal lives and educations.And we know that aid educationers would live a hard life,this process could train their ability and skill to face the difficulty.It is the class outside the classroom.
    In my opinion,aid education still needs improvement.It needs to attract and encourage more students who have spare time and enough ability.Our motherland needs their advocation.Aid education is no doubt a fine way for the students to make full use of their talents.So,I think,we need to encourage more volunteers to take part in this action.






























 